# 4-10-2021
Alright, so what's my goal for th next 25 minutes? 

### objective 1: get through the PLayer class

I want to start a list of things to fix with the tutorial, and then just start from where I currently am and move forward. 
Ok, I have the list started; move forward and bank this out. 

Pretty sure I left off with the PLayer class. Maybe testing it? 

Ok, so what am I looking at? 

I have three tests passing for the `Player` class. I'd like to add this issue to the tutorial: 

#### update the test for the player class `#initializiation` test to specify for an error (or at least suggest documentation for future users to reference)

Ok, I've got that added to the list; next. 

Ok, so I'm through the Player class; which was my goal. Setting my goal was a little off base because when I created the goal I had no idea how far along I was in the `Player` class. 

so then, since I've achieved my goal for this time period, perhaps I can go backwards and add to my list of things to update on the openSource project. 

Ok, I think I've suggested the most obvious transgressions; though there's still the hurdle of getting RSpec to run effectively. Like, if it's not on the system, getting it installed in the system. 

I was having a lot of issues with the $PATH; and I'm probably still having the issue, but I simple installed the rspec gem from the root directory and things are working properly now. So that's a success. 

Ok; so then, not only have I finished the `Player` class, like I was hoping to do, I've also compiled a pretty good list of one-off things to update to the tutorial. And what I can do is make these suggestions in the issues, and then I can go about fixing them. One by one. Just to pick the things off. And that way I kind of let the person know I'm interested in spending some time with the project. 

# Board class: do as much of it as I can
I don't need to spend a lot of time with the comprehension of what the tutorial is teaching; since I really understand it; but there'll probably be issues that pop up..... 

so yeah, this feels good; to get some reps in doing what I've done before; It goes smooth because I've seen these things before,a nd I've donoe these things before. But now I'm approaching ti with the intention of updating someone elses project. And it's good for me. Because I'm learning. yes, I also started doing something else with Github. And it may be a bit too rudimentary for me. But I understand it. And it does round out my understanding of Github. Which ultimately is probablay giving me more confidence with how to do this. Ok. so a little at a time. This is definitely stuff in the right direction. 

Sometimes I worry about how I'm going to fill my time, but that doesn't need to be an issue. I'm doing just fine. I'm keeping myself busy in a productive way. Yeah it sucks that my plan for coding boot camp was sort of shot dead. But I am still thinking of ways to make it a reality. But i'm just not sure how that will happen. If I was reffing that would be really helpful, but that's not that big of an issue right now. Just sort of keep the eyes on the prize of finding some way to be employed now. 

LAST THING DONE: added tests successfully for `#default_grid`
NEXT THING TO DO: add test for the context of `#grid`

goal for this session: get through the `#game_over` method

This is sort of a strange test, but I think I know why it's being done. 


ok, now I just built the `get_cell(x,y)` method; and i'm a little less than 100% confident with it. Where is `grid` coming from? if I were to call `#grid`, it would have to be on a `Board` object...so if I were to call `#get_cell` on a `Board` object....i think calling `#grid`, or using `grid` within the namespace of the `Board` class is like using a class variable. no, it's actually using the instance method, not the instance variable. So it's sort of like using the instance variable, but using the instance method it's a safer, more conventional process. 

I remember using a Struct was actually a fairly difficult thing to understand, the first time I went through this; since it's now the second time I'm going through this, I feel confident of my ability to sort it out. 

### Using a Struct in RSpec
So, what exactly is a Struct? 

I think one possible way to look at it is: a Struct is a way to build an object in RSpec. Instead of relying on the actual code to build a custom object, I can use something called a Struct to sort of "fake" an object. 

So a `Struct` is more of a Ruby thing, than it is an RSpec thing.

# Understand Structs
It seems like  a `Struct` is a way to turn a variable into a simple object quickly, that has "instance variables" and values for that instance variable, like immediatley. Yeah. it's like somthing I can do, quickly. 

```ruby
Car = Struct.new(:make, :model, :mileage)
vehicle1 = Car.new("bmw", "328", 40000)
vehicle1.make = "bmw"
```

So if there's an object that I want, but haven't created yet, or don't really know how it'll work, I can use it in testing. So yeah, that's how I'd use Struct. It's pretty easy to see and understand. But putting it into practice is another thing.

So this is pretty easy to understand then; Instead of using a Cell object in these RSpec tests for the `Board` object, i'm using a `Struct` object. The reason for this is...I'm only testing the  `Board` class...but the `Board` class will need to interact with the `Cell` class; but it's difficult to build a test that uses a `Cell` object in a `Board` object. I think it has to do with dependencies. And this lesson is already very difficult, so it's best not to get too involved at this point, because this is already very invovled. 

### writing the `#game_over` method
obviously there is no `#winner?` or `#draw?` method....yet

So this is going to involve smoething called a stub, which I think is something else that may need to be updated. 

the author of the tutorial calls it "stubbing" out a couple of non-existent methods. So this oughta be cool. Along with sTruct, stubbing should help me with building. Or at leat with testing 

Alright, so for the most part, I've gotten trhough the `#game_over` method of the `Board` class. What I really wnated to do was to get through the `Board` class. 

I had some other thoughts while I was doing this: creating these lessons. Somehow breaking these lessons that I'm learning as part of this experience, into some sort of individual lessons. But I don't really know what that would look like. 

Maybe just making small lessons. and allowing that to be content.

I mean, I think all the notes I'm taking should be turned into something of value. Maybe not necessarily something of monetary value, but something that can be content for my own edification. It's just a thought. And it's a way to practice, really. And if it's organized somewhere, then it might be a little easier to port over as I scale. If I scale. When I scale.   

I've been thinking about this all afternoon. This and music. Having intention. Time is ticking. If I can do work with intention, and not necessarily waste time, I'll feel better. The idea is to embrace this effort while it's grabbing me. Motivation. Stop ignoring it. Stop ignoring it. 

MY GOAL FOR THIS OUTING: GET UP TO THE PART WHERE THINGS START MONKEY PATCHING

ok, so I quickly got to this part that I was trying to get to. So then I've done what I set out to do with this segment; and I did it pretty quickly. But I did so with the intention of being able to do something else with this time. So I'll go ahead and do that now. 

