alright, so I'm going to try to make the program a little stronger. 

Issue: 
1. players are allowed to make illegal moves (i.e. - bob selected box 1 on turn 1, and frank selects box 1 on turn 2)

so, how would I go about fixing that? 

I think there needs to be some validation built into the game. But I'm not sure where that should be. 

Like, is that a method for the `Game` class, or is that a method for the `Board` or the `Player`? I'm not really sure where to put that. 

But does it matter where it goes? I mean, this is my program! So just chose a place and move on with it. 

so in the `Game` class there is a `#solicit_move` method. This seems to be a good place to `validate_move`. Or maybe `move_valid?`

I mean, if I turn it into a predicate method, all I need to do is make the method return a `true/false` value. 

Ok, so start that. 

```ruby
def valid_move?(something)
  #code goes here
end
```

So, yeah, I would need to bring somethign into the method. Perhaps whatever the output is from the `#solicit_move` method. So what does that produce? 

Actually, the `#solicit_move` is only a text prompt to the user. The `#get_move` is where it's at. 

```ruby
def get_move(human_move = gets.chomp)
  human_move_to_coordinate(human_move)
end
```

so `#get_move` will produce something; I think it returns coordinates. dO i have tests for it? Yes I do. and returning coordinates is exactly what it does. 

Ok, so this is really good practice for me. Because it's actually a little more complex. 

I know there's somethign I need to do, but I'm not sure exactly how to get there. 

So, what I wnat to do is: I want to run this example with the context of having a `Board` that already has a `grid` and that grid already has a value in one of the squares. 

But i'm in the `Game` tests. 

I know there may be a shorter way to doing this, but I want to workout the long way to do this, using Structs maybe. And i think I did that in the Player class. Take a look. 

Ok, so let's get a little bit further into this. I think I know how to use this, but I'm not sure I need to use a Struct.

I might need a Struct for hte test, but I'm not sure if I actually need it. 

so what can I do? I need to take the coordinates from `#get_move` and I need to look at the `Board#grid` right? 

there's a lot of stuff I'm like, trying to keep in my head. And that's making me second guess things. 

there's a lot more I need to be saying, or coding. Instead of trying to keep it all up in my head. Like, just keep writing it out. 

wriite it out....long hand

after i've gotten the coordinates in teh `#play` method, I need to confirm if I can actually use those coordinate. 

So eventually I may move `x, y = get_move` into a loop...but i don't know how I would be able to do that and not upset the original flow of the game. 

Because there is a flow to the game. 

Ok, so since there is a flow to the game, what I'm doing is...i'm like adding a sub flow. 

And what does this sub flow need to do? 

it needs to: 

1. take the coordinates from get move
2. use those coordinates to look at the board
3. determine if that position is populated
4. if it is populated, reject the move
5. get a new move, until the move is valid

Ok, so those are the steps. And that's kind of the subflow

So, how could I do that, without doing it as part of this program?

I'd need: 
1. coordinates
2. a board
3. determine if the coordinates on that board is populated
4. if it is populated, reject the move
5. get a new move, until the move is valid

so how can I create this envoirnoment? How can I set that up as a test? 

fuck. Just start doing things. 

if I had coordinates, they'd be like this: `[0, 2]`. 

Ok, so can I start a test like that? 

yep. Ok. But that's not what I want the method to do. I want it to do more. What else? I want it to be able to look at the board. 

so since I've started a game, what could I do? I think I could do board.get_cell

but if I got `#get_cell` what do I need to give `#get_cell`? I need to give it the x and y, in that form. 

But what am I getting from the other method? 

So, why am I so annoyed? Bcause every step I have to go deeper into understanding. But I didn't write it. So of course I have to go deeper to understand it. Especially if I'm going ot be editing it. So that really should be a source of frustration. 

Ok, so what am I doing then now? I'm trying to build out this method. and the probelm is: I want to use the board.get_cell method...but I have to pass somethign to it, and I ahve ot pass something to itin my test. 

so get_cell works like this: 

```ruby
def get_cell(x,y)
  grid[y][x]
end
```

Ok. And what does that mean? it means it gets two arguments: x, and y. and then it looks at an Array of Arrays. then it goes into that Array of Arrays, and returns whatever value is at `grid[y][x]`. 

But how do I read that? How do I read `grid[y][x]`? 

If it's an Array of Arrays, if it's a multi-dimensional Array, I'd do it like this...and this is another lesson to write out, so I understand it completely. And can share with other people...

Ok, so I got that. 

i just don't know where I left off really. 

# Testing
I'm writing a method to help with the game, but the code isn't just flowing off my fingers. So I need to dig into it.

The program is fragile. I can overwrite a previous players move. I'm trying to write a program that prevents that. 

It's a part of game play. It's a part of the engine. It's part of the algorithm. 

ok, so I literally just started hand-writing the game engine, and things were so much easier. Instead of trying to keep it in my head. 

But what did i do? I used an until loop. Easy. 

But I also used an until loop with a new method I wrote. 

Now how did I write that method? 