Alright, so what's next? 

The PR was merged into the master. 

And now, the original author replied wiht a coulpe of things. So these are kind of like to do items. 

> 1. Setup the project with rbenv (should be a matter of creating a `.ruby_version` file) and add a RSpec version to the gemspec file
> 2. Create a better ReadMe that tells folks how to get their machines setup so they can run these tests on their machine. 

So there's two items here. 

Just tackle one at a time. See if I can do that. 

My brain is like, just go from top down. But first what i'd like to do is actually think about both of these things. And see what I sort of discover about them; instead of just diving head first.

The reason I want to sort of let my brain turn these two things over by themselves is my brain might figure something out and not tell me. At least not right away.

So if I just look at the complete list and start spewing off results and challenges it might be better. 

# first item
Setting up a project with RBENV? I mean, I already have rbenv in my local environment. And I use it to manage my version of ruby. 

I didn't know that I could set a project up with RBENV. Like, i don't really know what that means. 

Thankfully though, the author gives me a clue: should be a matter of creating a `.ruby_version` file

The second part of that statement is this: `..and add an RSpec version to the gemspec file`  

the second part of that statement isn't so straightforward. 

it's one thing to require RSpec. It's another to commit to a certain version. 

Adding a version of RSpec to the project isn't so straight forward. First...what was the previous version of RSpec? Like, what version of RSpec was used when the project was created? Looking at the changelog from RSpec can probably get me a little closer to understanding that. But it isn't straightforward. 

but really, the point is, to add a version to the RSpec gem would require updating the rest of the RSpec code, so it is compliant. 

so maybe that's why he's requesting a version of RSpec be added. 

But is that different than adding the version of Ruby to the file? Maybe something to update or look at. 

I'd like to just follow up on a simple google serach for RBENV, and then also taking a look at some of my other local projectds, and looking to see if they have some sort of `.ruby_version` file in them. and what hteir contents are. 

I could also look at Gems to see what they have. 

Maybe the reason he's asking for these is because he doesn't have those on his machine. Which is fine if he doesn't. But it's interesting to me; how can I add the things he's asking, so future visitors will be able to use this? 

A lot of this assumes that someone has the ability to change versions of Ruby, to run things. 

But that leads me to the second point: 

# 2. Create a better ReadMe that tells folks how to get their machines setup so they can run these tests on their machine. 

I mean,the tests and stuff would probably work if people were capable of installing backwards facing versions of Ruby or RSpec. 

the problem with that solution is: this is a tutorial for Ruby. When I arrived at the tutorial the first time I barely knew how to double check the version of the different softwares I had, let alone being able to update, install, or revert versions of the software. 

But that's a responsibility that's beyond the scope of his ask. 

So really, what's in this ask? 

Adding some updates to the README that tells people how to get their machines setup to run tests on their own machine. 

I mean, if I took the format from how a README is instantiated for a typical Gem, i could probably do what he's asking. 

that's straightforward. 

but then populating the info in that README would require having a definitive version of Ruby and RSpec. 

So yeah. That's where I'll start. What version does this have? 

don't worry about adding the version of RSpec, because I don't specify that right now. Not for myself. At least, not that I can tell. I could take a look at a Rails gemfile and see if that says anything. 

Well, here's what I do see: I see an opportunity to really learn about RBENV. 

I know a little about it, but before I go and try to set this projecdt up with it, I could read all this other stuff about it. I feel fine learning this or looking at this, because I think the result of what he's asking is straight-forward. But I can learn about all of it too.....

So, if it's as simple as adding a  `.ruby_version` file to the root direcftory, that's one thing. But then, other people would need to have RBENV in their machine. And that's more on the user to have that. 

Ok, so that seems to be the point here. If I just do the thing he's asking for, I can do the part where I add the `.ruby_version` file; but then, how would I specify within that file the version of ruby to use? 

That's why I want to find another project that has a `.ruby_version` file in it. Look at some Gems. 

Ok, so literally all it is, is the file with .ruby_version..nope it's `.ruby-version` not the underscore. 

I mean, this begs the question: which version of Ruby should I put? I'll just put what I currently have. And then let him come back at me. See if he says anything about it. I'll say, "at least" this. 

I mean, I think I also want to specify, strictly. Or pessimistically. So the point is, i'll create '.ruby-version' 2.7.2. Simple as that. 

So that's what I'd do. Do that, but on a new branch. 

Ok, I've got that one thing done. Pretty easy. I'll let him push back with any issue he may have RE versioning. 

In terms of versioning for RSpec...I dunno. Like, if I commit to a version, issues will pop up. 

so like, I could do the first thing he asked: 

1. update to use RBENV

But then, the next thing would be...I'm not going to commit to a version of RSpec for his project just yet. I'd rather make smaller changes. 

Like, there's a lot of things wrong with the RSpec. So maybe this is his way of seeing the work I've done with the testing. I mean, I believe i've been using 3.10.0 for RSpec. well, there you have it. I'm actually using the most recent versions of it. 

So that means I probably have some inconsistencies in my true application of the tests. But that's ok. I'll leave that open to review. I think in the Gemspec file what I would do is add the pessimistic locking methodology.

Ok, so I did the first thing he asked. 

I'd rather update the rest of the projects RSpec tests to pass the version specified. 

Also, updating the README seems pretty straight-forward. 

However, after doing these things....the actual tutorial would need to be updated to the current version, in several places. 

Now it's one thing to actually go through the tutorial and update it...but it's another thing to change the tutorial in a coulpe places to "point" the user to documentation. Or to "alert" the user/student to hazards.

Much easier than updating the content to specifics. 

I think that's possible. 

If I were to make those commits he's asking, it would definitely be an issue. 

I mean, with the README, can't I make the notes about the divergence between the README and the actual tutorial? 

I think that'd be best. 

Ok, so there's a much bigger story here. And the more I look into it, the more indecision there is surrounding it. 

What's the latest setback? 

I'm not sure I'm able to change RSpec versions in a local environment. 

I mean, yeah..this is what RSpec seems to lack; an ability to switch versions. 

So maybe that's the author's intention. 

There really isn't a way to manage the RSpec version. 

So it seems unwise to specify a version of RSpec. 

Determining a Ruby version and RSpec version in the repository seems to limit the efficacy of the tutorial.  

As a student, I had to hack my way through RSpec documentation to modernize the tests. Which was infinitely more valuable as a learner. 

But adding information to the README, perhaps what I can do is add something there. 