So, what do i wnat to do right now? 

What's my goal? 

I'd like to send the PR back to the project. 

But then what? 

I mean, I didn't necessarily complete the things he said, because I felt like he was encouraging committing the project to a version of Ruby and to a version of RSpec. And I found that it might actually be difficult to do. 

I mean, I think i was a little taken aback by his request. He wanted a `.ruby-version` for the file, and a version of `rspec` specified in the gemspec.file. 

Instead of doing that, I suggested updating the README with a blurb about seeking documentation. So what would I say? 

# Troubleshooting
If the tests are failing on your local machine because of deprecated methods or other RSpec errors, RSpec documentation can be found at [rspec.info](https://rspec.info/documentation/) (recommended) or [relishapp.com/rspec](https://relishapp.com/rspec)


Like, is that enough? Is that helpful enough? I'm not sure. I mean, it did the trick for me. and it is helping me, but there are other things that need to be done. or can be done. 

Does the `.ruby-version` file need to be added? Does a version of `RSPEC` need to be committed to? 

I'll just do that. Though I would like to contribute more, but feel guilty for not completing his other requests. 

Stop fretting over this. It's not rocket science. It's a simple REadme file. Just relax and do it and send it. 

Since I'm confused about this, it'd be easier to grab the original again. Woudlnt' it? 

Ok, so i'm a little excited by the contributions to that project and I totally want to add a lot more. But I feel like it'd be unwelcome of me. LIke, I feel like I'd be bothering the guy. Like it's a bad idea to keep making suggestions and updates. I mean, if I really want to I could totally look at the list of things I've found that I think need to be updated and I could pick something there to do. 

I mean, after spending time with the project and spending time with the tutorial, I've made a contribution. Is there more that could be done? Absolutely. Are other people using it? I dont' know. Does it really matter? I dont' really know. 

But because it's one thing, I think it's dope. Like, I think it's cool that I now have experience doing stuff there. Do I want to keep doing stuff on it? Yes and no. I mean a lot of the things that need to be updated would fall on someone else to actually update. I could, but a lot of it is in the photos used for the project. So I don't really know what to do. I mean I'm exicted about helping and contributing, but there's other work I want to be doing. Other things I want to keep moving forwar wiht. 

I Mean, in the big picture, it's one small project. There are other projecdts that I could be helping with. But just sort of getting my feet wet. Learning how to manage issues, manage the work flow, and communicate with others via Github is helpful. It feels good to sort of get my feet wet and just do a little here and there. 

But there's still a lot of other..more "program" related code weiting to do for the project. Other things that are more relevant. So spend tiem doing that. 

What I wnat to do is I want ot correct that new test I've written. I know it's wrong, and I want to explore a little bit more about it. See what I can learn. 

# how would I re-write `Game#valid_move?` 
Well, why do I want to re-write it? Becuase i"m making the TicTacToe game I wrote stronger. Adn I feel it's good practice to keep working on this. I'd like to be able to say I can get the program to be stronger. So go ahead, take a closer look at the method.

I mean, something else I might try is....if I were to simply move this method to the `Board` class...then it'd no longer be in the `Game` class. So that's one option. So since that's what I'm thinking now, why not try that? 

I mean, I think I really could make the case for moving the `#valid_move?` method to the `Board` class, because it is a method related to the `Board`. And it is being helped by the `Board#get_cell` method. So why not? 

I mean, as I think about it now...by having the `#valid_move?` method on the `Game` class, it feels like I'm mashing up a functionality with game play. Or the engine. Like, the engine is supposed to run the game play by using the objects and methods availabe to it. 

As my current iteration of `#valid_move?` exists, it "feels" like...or "smells" like, it's trying to do too much. So move it to the `Board` class, and move the test there. And see what that does.

To move it, i'll have to do a couple of things: 

1. phsycially move the code to the `Board` class
2. physicially move the test to the `board_spec`
3. update the game engine, or the `Game#play` method

don't think too far ahead just yet. do the simlpe thing first. 

Alright, so I moved the code for the `#valid_move?` method to the `Board` class. 

I then had to update the method body to change the call from `board` to `self`...which I think makes sense. 

The next thing to do is to test it, to find out if it works. 

I have a test written, but it's too busy. So look at it again....

Ok, so there are a lot of changes I need to make to the test. Instead of re-writing the entire test, I'll see what I can use from thye current teset I've written. 

I don't think i need a call to the game right now. So remove that. 

Why was I creating an instance of the game any way? I think it was so I had a board instantiated. But I don't really need that now. 

I have some coordinates in the test, but they won't really help me here. Delete those too.

My old expect statement was called on the game objecdt. So I don't need that either. 

Sweet. So none of the old test code helps. That's ok. Now I know for sure there's nothign there for me. 

alright, so what do I need, to be able to make the method work? 

Well first thing is...I don't need to call self. I actually can update it to be `grid`. Which feels so much better. 

So then what I'm doing is no longer writing the tests, but refactoring code. I don't even need to do that...do i? I think I can just call `#get_cell`. 

Well, the more I refactor....the more I think I might not need an entire method for this. 

I mean, I already have a `Board` object. 

I know that I'm adding a validation loop. 

I know that I want that validation loop to run if `board.get_cell(x,y).value != ""`

And if i use that as the conditional...then I don't need any extra tests. 

So then I am now turning to the engine again, `Game#play`....

Huh...ok, so this works: 

```ruby
.
.
.
until board.get_cell(x, y).value == ""
    puts "That space is taken; try again"
    x, y = get_move
end
.
.
.
```

and that's so much easier then trying to force a method, or force some tests. 

I mean, this uses methods that have already been created and tested, and simply uses a little extra code for the engine. 

I wonder if I could re-factor this to be one line. Not succinctly. 

Now, what if I were to label the grid with the numbers of the boxes? 

That was never something I thought to do: to create issues for myself. 